
Dataset: Airbnb listing and review data from hosts in NYC.
http://insideairbnb.com/explore/



This dataset contains host details, borough information, review rates and frequency, cancellation flexibility, and pricing. I would like to use this information to get a sense of what do hosts with multiple properties and who are consistently being booked have in common. On the flip side it would be useful to see what factors hosts who aren’t doing well have in common as well. There are many other ivariables that could yield interesting information. One such field is the booking description. I’d like to see whether the length of the booking description has any association with bookability in terms of does a longer more detailed description or the coverage of more key worries generally attract more travelers? Another general complaint about Airbnbs is the amount of fees (service, cleaning) that a stay contains. To learn more about the actual impact of fee pricing on decision making I’d like to see whether fee prices (regardless of the actual price of the listing and when stratified by range on listing price) serves as a deterrent in any way. It would also be interesting to see what impact location has and to learn about trends among different boroughs and different neighborhoods. Do certain boroughs cater more towards long term stays? How do pricing and cancellation policies vary between boroughs? Then using all this data it would be a fun exercise to see where is the best location overall and within each borough for an Airbnb and what would be the recommended pricing. 
The website this dataset is taken from also contains data for many cities around the world it would be interesting to examine a few other big cities within the US (Washington D.C., LA, San Diego, Boston, Seattle, Chicago) and make comparisons within US cities on the above detailed questions. Learning about coast to coast differences might also yield interesting information about host and listing trends. Similarly, we could take information from cities outside of the United States and examine general trends for host success and pricing and make comparisons to cities in the United States. Where is it more expensive to travel? If you are trying to start and Airbnb business where is the best place to start? What trends do we see that would help you list your home in a way that increases your chances for success?  
